[Changelog] Adds SR-4206 and move SR-8974 to Swift 5.1 (#26170)
swiftlang/swift: CHANGELOG.md

Swift Next
----------

* [SR-4206][]:

>   Overriden methods are no longer allowed to have a different generic 

Reviewer: Note that they can have a different generic signature as long as it has fewer requirements than the base method (once we fix the thunking for that anyway :) ). I would phrase this as "A method override is no longer allowed to have a generic signature with requirements not imposed by the base method. For example, ..."

Author: Done :)

Swift 5.1
---------

* [SR-8974][]:

  Duplicate tuple element labels are no longer allowed, because it leads
  to incorrect behavior. For example:

  ```
  let dupLabels: (foo: Int, foo: Int) = (foo: 1, foo: 2)

  enum Foo { case bar(x: Int, x: Int) }
  let f: Foo = .bar(x: 0, x: 1)
  ```

  will now be diagnosed as an error. 

>   Note: You can still use duplicate labels when declaring functions and

Reviewer 2: _The Swift Programming Language_ calls these "argument labels."

```suggestion
  Note: You can still use duplicate argument labels when declaring functions and
```

>   subscripts, as long as the internal labels are different. For example:

Reviewer 2: _The Swift Programming Language_ calls these "local parameter names."

```suggestion
  subscripts, as long as the local parameter names are different. For example:
```
